Description

Welcome to the Regression Challenge: Predicting Market Costs! This competition tasks you with building advanced regression models to accurately predict the costs of products within a diverse market landscape. Leveraging a comprehensive dataset, including factors ranging from market dynamics to consumer attributes, your goal is to develop models that uncover hidden patterns in the data to provide precise cost predictions.

NOTE THAT:
Given the varied sources of data, participants will need to proficiently merge training dataframes to create comprehensive models capable of predicting costs.

Evaluation

Evaluation Metric:
The evaluation metric for this competition is the Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE).

Submission Format:
Teams should submit a CSV file with exactly 19,942 rows with 2 columns; submission will return an Invalid Score if you have extra rows or columns.

Notes:
The public leaderboard is evaluated on 75% of Test data.
Do not shuffle the sequence of the test series.

Dataset Description

Files and Folders

IEEE_Victoris2_Filtration_train_data - folder containing the training set
test.csv - the test set
sample_submission.csv - a sample submission file in the correct format
Please be aware that this dataset is composed of numerous files, which could result in minor variations in certain column names or even the internal structure of the data.

Features in test data

Person Description - Description of the person visiting the market
Place Code - Code for each place which consists of 2 city codes parts separated by "_"
Customer Order - Order of each customer in the market
Additional Features in market - A list of features that are found in the market
Promotion Name - Made by the market on media
Store Kind - A genre for the store
Store Cost - Cost of the Store
Store Sales - The amount of money spent on sales that have been made since the store first opened.
Gross Weight - Bought item weight
Net Weight - Bought item weight without the package
Package Weight - Weight of the Package
Is Recyclable? - If the item is Recyclable or no
Yearly Income - min. Income for the consumer per year
Store Area - Area of the store
Grocery Area - Area of grocery department in the store
Frozen Area - Area of frozen food department in the store
Meat Area - Area of Meat department in the store
Cost - The target variable